[Music] Yeah,
very good, how are you friends? How are you?
I hope you're enjoying the
weekend and taking advantage of the last few hours.
We were reminded that on this channel you'll
find out all the news about the
heart of the stars and
celebrities from television to cinema. All the
salsa is here on teles al ceo,
quick and instant news. And this
time I want to show you this video that's
going around the world and that has
shocked a lot of people. You're going to
jump up and down laughing because it's really good.
You know that in recent weeks there have
been rumors that there might be a
reunion between Johnny and cinema and
Warner, most likely thanks to his
friend Robert Downing Jr. You know
that Johnny Depp has a very good relationship
with his friend and well, they'd be giving him
a hand. Well, giving him a hand or
convincing him because I don't think I even
need much of a hand, much less
after how he's cleaning up his image
with the trial. Well, it turns out that
at the San Marco fair we had
this image that you're seeing.  On
screen it's about Gabriel Regueira and
Eduardo Mosqueda Gabriel is Johnny's double
and Eduardo is Robert's double, they
are not the originals, they are no longer
artists, they are incredibly similar, you, I
mean, at the San Marcos fair, the doubles
even confused the agents of the
stars when they appeared in
Aguascalientes, Mexico, speaking in
perfect Spanish. An
incredible family. This is magical. I believe
that all some kinship somewhere
lost in the past or some great-great-grandfather
or something has coincided. Especially that
of Robert Downey, it is not more
complicated because still with Johnny, do
you want that not having the face cut, the
same beard, the comb you put on like that, the
glasses, the hair seems to be more covered,
no, but Robert's is impressive, it seems
that he has to be a brother or something like that, a
lost brother, family that
mensah, they this link in the
comments box, see you in the next
video, I send you a huge hug.
[Music]